[PL-48633] Adding doc for Plaintext support in AWS SM (#6883)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/secrets/secrets-management/add-an-aws-secret-manager.md

#### AWS-Access Key ID

You have two options to provide the AWS Access Key, **Plaintext** or **Encrypted**.

> - For **Plaintext**, you can directly add the Access Key under the **AWS - Access Key Id** in plain text format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For **Plaintext**, you can directly add the Access Key under the **AWS - Access Key Id** in plaintext format.
```

- For **Encrypted**:

  - Select **Create or Select a Secret**.

>   - In the secret settings dialog, you can create/select a [Secret](/docs/platform/secrets/add-use-text-secrets) and enter your AWS Access Key as it's value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - In the **Create or Select an Existing Secret** dialog, you can create/select a [Secret](/docs/platform/secrets/add-use-text-secrets) and enter your AWS Access Key as its value.
```

>   - The AWS Access Key is the AWS Access Key ID for the IAM user you want to use to connect to secret manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The AWS Access Key is the AWS Access Key ID for the IAM user you want to use to connect to the secret manager.
```
